The services work very hard to find just the right job for you, the one
of which you are capable and the one which in which you could excel.
They don't make very many mistakes but they do from time to time
make mistakes sometimes. You may not like the work as much as you'd
hoped, but usually you can find it challenging and fulfilling. Occasionally
you find you can't really do the work for which you were trained.
When I was in Vietnam we had a man who was trained as a Morse
code operator, and he could do it under practice conditions but real
conditions it just turned out he wasn't very good at it. So there was
no great problem, they just found another job that he could do. They
made him the duty teletype operator and he was very good at teletype
operations and I can remember him still sitting that teletypewriter
just pounding away day and night. You know didn't make mistakes,
just perfect at it. Sometimes the service can accommodate you that
way other times they can find something else for you to do, but by
and large I see ninety five percent of guys I knew fit well in the jobs
of the military gave them and did well at that and enjoy it when
they were done with. The guys I knew who were cryptologists love the
work, almost to a man, they loved the work here